# Late March 2018

## Digests
These updates will be archived in [a Github repo](https://github.com/askadev/digests) for transparency and future reference. For later newcomers, this record will be especially useful. If you're reading this on Github from the future, sup.

## Ducks
Business cards ran out this week, and Ed proposed doing rubber ducks instead. These would be ideal to set out on your table if you're meeting in a public space. At $2 per duck, we can try to find a sponsor, although I'd prefer to split the cost based on how many ducks your city purchases. Discussion to continue in Slack. (All said, I ended up ordering a new batch of business cards because they're cheap and universal; let me know if you need them or more stickers.)

## Shoutouts
Austin - **Morgan**, showed up sick (too late to cancel and only mentor available) to tell people it was off that night; *nonetheless* fielded some PM questions (h/t Dan)
Berlin - **Charles**, spreading the gospel at a convention booth to some juniors
London - **Ed**, reaching out to local code schools
Melbourne - **Mike**, scouting new meeting spots and fixing bugs [on the site](https://github.com/askadev/askadev.org)
Kansas City - **Cory**, encountered my dad and received rave reviews
Portland - **Kyle**, from first-timer to host, allowing us to keep our spot at WeWork

## Them Numbers
14 cities, 6 countries, 41 events

If you know programmers in DC, Raleigh-Durham, or Miami, please shout me.

Thank you for using your power for good, not evil.

-Tim
