# May 20 2018

## Survey Results
No one likes a long email; the stat responses will be on the Github version of this digest. Big takeaways: city-specific pages and emails are in demand, we need a coherent, reproducible marketing strategy, and you are ambitious folk. 

### I need ____ instruction. (1 less; 5 more)
* 3 - 85.7% (6)
* 4 - 14% (1)

### I need ____ help. (1 less; 5 more)
* 3 - 100% (7)

### Too much is expected of me. (1 disagree; 5 agree)
* 1 - 28.6% (2)
* 2 - 14.3% (1)
* 3 - 57.1% (4)

### Communication from leadership (Tim) is useful/pertinent. (1 disagree; 5 agree)
* 3 - 42.9% (3)
* 4 - 57.1% (4)

### We should continue to use...
* Email - 87.5% (7)
* Slack - 75% (6)
* digests - 37.5% (3)

### We should prioritize these initiatives:
* Specialized, longer workshops of a specific language/framework - 25% (2)
* Collaborative, org-wide open source projects to practically teach mentees - 25% (2)
* More/better creative marketing and branding - 25% (2)
* A real application process for new mentors and new chapters - 12.5% (1)
* Smooth, one-stop-shop editing and posting events on the site/Meetup - 12.5% (1)
* An anonymous way to provide feedback on mentors in my chapter - 0% (0)
* Registering as a non-profit  - 37.5% (3)
* City-specific email accounts (e.g. austin@askadev.org) - 50% (4)
* City-specific webpages (e.g. askadev.org/austin) - 62.5% (5)
* A presentation generator (e.g. pandoc -> slides.js) and a dedicated page on the website to view - 25% (2)
* City-specific mentee email listserv - 12.5% (1)

**Write-ins**
* creating a Code of Conduct - 12.5% (1) *Editor's note: [see here](https://github.com/askadev/community-standards#code-of-conduct)*
* Checkins with each city’s organizers via google hangouts to help plan meetings and address concerns that mentors have. 

### My chapter could be improved with better... (selected responses)
* Better location, and outreach
* I'm having trouble finding mentors who can commit to coming to most events, rather than "Yeah, sounds great, I'll go if I'm free". not sure what to do about that.
* Planning and marketing from the mentors. 
* More attendees from different groups/subcultures. i.e. wider marketing.
* One thing that might be helpful is for me to ask what people expect to get out of something. So far when new people come I just like throw out ideas and we talk about them for a while but I think sometimes it comes out as a word salad.

### I have good ideas. (selected responses)
* Meetup.com segregates groups by location. Might be worth having chapter-specific meetup groups
* Building out a network of everyone that is involved in Ask a dev would be awesome. By this I mean a place for mentors and mentees alike to all talk with one another and enjoy a sense of community. I don’t think slack is a good medium for this. Something more like a discourse forum would be great.
* Having a collection of resources like "This python book is really good for beginners" would be helpful because sometimes I'm not quite sure what to recommend to absolute newbies.

### Kitchen sink. (selected responses)
* Software is more than just developers though. What can we do to get design and product and project management involved in these kind of meetups? I’m not sure but would love to see if we can start throwing around ideas.
* "we're on the precipice of greatness." Not sure who wrote it, but it holds true for us.
* re: Code of Conduct. I think it's better to establish something early, before there's a problem. If we get big enough there will almost certainly be an issue, and a Code of Conduct will be useful for pointing the way. Also, it can be a useful signal to under-represented groups in software that we are trying to be an open and inclusive group. *Editor's note: [see here](https://github.com/askadev/community-standards#code-of-conduct)*

## Meetup Pricing
While you're welcome to still use the [main Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Ask-A-Dev/) group to post events, I encourage you to set up a group for your own city like [Austin](https://www.meetup.com/Ask-a-Dev-org-Austin/), [Denver](https://www.meetup.com/Ask-a-Dev-Denver/), and [Melbourne](https://www.meetup.com/Ask-a-Dev-Melbourne/). There are benefits to a city-specific Meetup group (announcements, forums, vastly improved discovery). To save costs, you can Venmo or PayPal me $10/month (eventually this will be a non-profit but still writing bylaws) OR set up your own at $30/month. More information behind this decision included on [this Slack message and attached thread](https://ask-a-dev-mentors.slack.com/archives/C949K10PK/p1525727269000457).

## Digests Frequency Reduced
In light of the survey, you'll now only see these once a month.

## Help Me Pylons
Friends Tammi and North have [devised a system for mentees](https://ask-a-dev-mentors.slack.com/archives/C949K10PK/p1524757154000855) to ask for help without feeling uncomfortable by using paper pylons. This has been tested in a few cities and also used as a marketing beacon; I've lost track of who knows and who doesn't so now you are all aware.

## Shoutouts
* Denver - **Brian & Whitney** - Had a very successful meetup with 15 people
* Portland - **Nichole, Eric, Sarah** - Rapidly pulling together a location change at the last minute
